You were about to tell me about the Presbyterian
Church at Northgate. Yes. The land was given by my
father and Frank Anderson. They gave the land. The
church, the first one, was brought from Victoria
after World War II. They brought an old church from
the military church and put there, and then it was
built on from there. How long had your father owned
that land? Oh, he didn't own it. They bought it to
give to the church. Oh, they bought it. They bought
it for the church. Who'd they buy it from, do you
know? Was it the Boyettes? I think Boyette, I
guess. Have any idea what they paid for it? No. But
couldn't bid a lot because he didn't have that
much. All right. Was there a Presbyterian
congregation in existence before that church?
Yes. We went to church in the YMCA. And...
I know we went and the Episcopalians went in the
YMCA, but because Frank, my little brother, he
always sat outside and read the funny papers while
we were in the church. About how big was the
congregation when that new building got here? I
don't have any idea. Who was the first minister?
I guess Mr. Anderson, I don't know. He was there so
long, but I'm not sure that he was. Who were some of
the other families other than the Boltons and
the... The Adrenses and the...
Well, I just don't know. I can't think of who that
was from. There were quite a few, though. Quite a
few.